Update exercise.md (#103)
formal-methods-mpi/Workshop.jl: docs/src/4_dispatch/exercise.md

a prediction of income with the respective measurement error.

Hopefully, this serves as a useful illustration of what multiple dispatch with julias type system is able to achieve.
Because we are able to define methods for important operations (like `*`, `+`), we can use any function or algorithmn that is composed of these operations.
This is a very powerful idea that allows for great extensibility and interoperability of different packages.

> For instance, imagine somebody has written an `R` package for linear regression that doesn't include measurement errors; it would likely be impossible to get it to work with measurement error without rewriting the whole package, while this could be relatively easily added to it in julia.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instance, imagine somebody has written an `R` package for linear regression that doesn't include measurement errors; it would likely be impossible to get it to work with measurement error without rewriting the whole package. 
However, as we demonstrated in this workshop, this is easily done in julia: When you wrote the `predict` function at the beginning of this workshop, you probably did not think about multiple dispatch or measurement error at all - but the code you wrote was still extensible, and we were later able to make it work with measurement error. This is the true power of julia - you don't have to think about extensibility too hard, just write normal julia code, and the rest is done by design of the language.
```

Similarly, if you think about our pokemon example from the beginning:

> If we would like to add more types of pokemons, we just have to define the types (`Water`, `Fire`, etc.) and the relevant methods for our functions (`effectiveness`). Of course, the code we wrote in the pokemon example is rather limited, but this translates seamlessly to complicated packages with more functionality.

Reviewer: I think the plural form of pokemon is pokemon.
```suggestion
If we would like to add more types of pokemon, we just have to define the types (`Water`, `Fire`, etc.) and the relevant methods for our functions (`effectiveness`). Of course, the code we wrote in the pokemon example is rather limited, but this translates seamlessly to complicated packages with more functionality.
```
